After taking hours of trying, testing, hair pulling, and Claude AI consulting, I just can't 
seem to get this to run how I want. I don't understand if I'm having issues with initalizing the game
or setting something up. My buttons don't seem to work at all, I even had Claude rewrite the event listeners
for me to see if I had implemented them wrong and I can't seem to understand why things are locking up in the way
they are.

Later tonight after class, I wanted to add a console.log function to the buttons just to see if they're
actually doing anything at all

Additionally. I originally wanted to find a way to generate an entire deck of cards including suits.
I was having terrible time trying to do so without accidentally creating duplicate cards.
I originally wanted to create two separate arrays containing strings, which would allow me to
take a card value, then assign it a suit when the deal function was called. I was trying to find
a way to have the code check for what card has been randomly dealt and mark that as an unavailable
card within the deck, but this method ate up way too much of my time. I did a workaround using
nothing but the card values themselves, which is super scuffed and unhelpful, but it SHOULD work.

If the rest of this garbage code managed to function.

I found an API someone made online that would allow JS to access a deck of cards that someone else
had already made and pushed onto git, but I figured that that implementation wouldn't be
particularly helpful for internalizing more advanced JS.

ALSO: I've tried everything I could to figure out how to access the DOM in such a way that
I could create and change images based on JS, but I wasn't able to dive deep enough, quickly enough
to understand what I was doing wrong. Any advice or direction about that would be much appreaciated.
I have playing card assets, but obviously I couldn't properly implement them without figuring out
both DOM image access AND the card suit issues.

Thank you for taking the time to review this code.